README.md, before:

# calculadoraprouni

oi!
essa foi uma calculadora que desenvolvi para simular o percentual de bolsa que cada candidato ao ProUni terá (ou não).
codado em python pelo replit. 
é meu primeiro projeto, então é provável que possua muitos erros - e eu adoraria aprender a como corrigi-los! você pode me corrigir se quiser.
você pode obter informações sobre o ProUni e outros programas de incentivo universitário nos sites oficiais do Governo Brasileiro. 


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

hi!
that was a calculator I developed to simulate the percentage of scholarship that a student may (or not) obtain at ProUni - a brazilian education program.
it was coded in python at replit.
that's my first project, so it's probable it will have several errors - and I would like to know how to fix them! you can teach if you want to.
you can obtain information about ProUni and other education incentive programs in official websites from Brasil government.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Commit message:

Read Me atualizado e contando as novas features

README.md, after:

# Calculadora ProUni

oi!
essa foi uma calculadora que desenvolvi para simular o percentual de bolsa que cada candidato ao ProUni terá (ou não).
codado em python pelo replit pela primeira vez, mas melhorado pelo colab.
é meu primeiro projeto, então é provável que possua muitos erros - e eu adoraria aprender a como corrigi-los! você pode me corrigir se quiser.
conforme aprendi melhor, atualizei a inserção de dados para que o código sempre esteja atualizado, a menos que as regras do programa mudem, mas está atualizado independente do valor do salário mínimo.
você pode obter informações sobre o ProUni e outros programas de incentivo universitário nos sites oficiais do Governo Brasileiro. 


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

hi!
that was a calculator I developed to simulate the percentage of scholarship that a student may (or not) obtain at ProUni - a brazilian education program.
it was coded in python at replit at first, inproved at colab later.
as i learned better, i made a input that may be always sincronized with the real minimum wage, you just need to put it and it will always do the math in it (as long as the program conditions don't change, but if that happens i might change it later).
that's my first project, so it's probable it will have several errors - and I would like to know how to fix them! you can teach if you want to.
you can obtain information about ProUni and other education incentive programs in official websites from Brasil government.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
